Fix docs bug, advise against reusing `vnode.attrs` itself (#2250)
MithrilJS/mithril.js: docs/components.md

As a bonus, notice that we no longer need to use `.bind` to keep a reference to the state for the component's event handlers.

#### Don't forward `vnode.attrs` itself to other vnodes

Sometimes, you might want to keep an interface flexible by forwarding attributes to a particular child component or element:

```javascript
// Example
var RestrictiveComponent = {
	view: function(vnode) {
		return m("button", {onclick: vnode.attrs.onclick}, [
			"Click to " + vnode.children
		])
	}
}

var FlexibleComponent = {
	view: function(vnode) {

> 		return m("button", vnode.attrs.attrs, [

Reviewer: ```
return m("button", vnode.attrs, [
```

			"Click to ", vnode.children
		])
	}
}
```

When doing so, it might be tempting to simplify `FlexibleComponent` to this, removing the intermediate `vnode.attrs.attrs` and `vnode.attrs.text` and forwarding `vnode.attrs` and `vnode.children` directly:

```js
// AVOID
var FlexibleComponent = {
	view: function(vnode) {
		return m("button", vnode.attrs, [ // <= not okay
			"Click to ", vnode.children
		])
	}
}

m(FlexibleComponent, {
	oncreate: function(vnode) {
		vnode.dom.ontransitionend = function() {
			vnode.dom.classList.remove("fade-in")
			vnode.dom.ontransitionend = null
		}
		vnode.dom.classList.add("fade-in")
	},
	onbeforeremove: function(vnode) {

> 		// This gets called twice, both times awaited!

Author: Probably a good idea to add that "why".

> 		// This gets called twice, both times awaited!

Reviewer 2: You would still have to explain why this would be a problem, a question to which there is no answer.

		return new Promise(function(resolve, reject) {
			vnode.dom.classList.remove("fade-in")
			vnode.dom.classList.add("fade-out")
			vnode.dom.ontransitionend = function() {
				vnode.dom.classList.remove("fade-out")
				vnode.dom.ontransitionend = null
				resolve()
			}
		})
	}
})
```

Keys also can fail to work as expected:

```js
// AVOID
var FlexibleButton = {
	view: function(vnode) {
		return [
			m("button", vnode.attrs, [ // <= not okay
				"Click to ", vnode.children
			]),
			m(".menu", menuEntries)
		]
	}
}

// You do this:
m(FlexibleButton, {}, "go here")

// Here's how Mithril's diffing algorithm reads that
return [
	m("button", "Click to go here"),
	m(".menu", menuEntries)
]

// You do this:
m(FlexibleButton, {key: "undefined"}, "go here")

// Here's how Mithril's diffing algorithm reads that
return [
	// This is a problem because keys are compared as object properties when
	// calculating positions, but compared via `===` when moving nodes, and
	// Mithril assumes keys are always of the same type when doing so.
	m("button", {key: "undefined"}, "Click to go here"),
	m(".menu", {key: undefined}, menuEntries)
]
```

> Instead, what you should do in these cases is use a dedicated attribute like `attrs`. So the above two problematic examples should be fixed to something like these three:

Reviewer: I only see two

> Instead, what you should do in these cases is use a dedicated attribute like `attrs`. So the above two problematic examples should be fixed to something like these three:

Reviewer: I only see one

Author: That would be an artifact of a previous version. I'll fix it hopefully this weekend (if things go according to plan).

			vnode.children
		])
	}
}

Modal.Body = {
	view: function(vnode) {
		return m(".modal-body", vnode.children)
	}
}

Modal.Footer = {
	view: function(vnode) {
		return m(".modal-footer", vnode.children)
	}
}

// Usage
m(Modal, [
	m(Modal.Header, {title: "Modal title"}, [
		m(Modal.Dismiss, [
			m("span[aria-hidden=true]", m.trust("&times;"))
		])
	]),

	m(Modal.Body, [
		m("p", "Modal body text")
	]),

	m(Modal.Footer, [
		m(Modal.Dismiss, {class: "btn btn-secondary"}, "Close"),
		m("button[type=button].btn.btn-primary", "Save changes")
	])
])
```

If you do it like above, you could run into a few issues when using it:

```js
// In your model, for various analytics stat trackers
var Stats = {
	send: function(key, value) {
		// ...
	}
}

var MyModal = {
	view: function() {
		return m(Modal, {
			// This hook is called for both the component and the modal element
			// itself, causing two event listeners to be registered onto the
			// DOM element. This means your stat counter is now twice what it
			// should be.
			oncreate: function(vnode) {
				$(vnode.dom).on("show.bs.modal", function() {
					Stats.send("modal open", "MyModal")
				})
			}
		}, [
			// ...
		])
	}
}
```

> It's also less flexible. For example, you can't assign custom classes to your `.modal-header` element itself:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also less flexible. For example, you can't assign a custom id to your `.modal-header` element itself:
```
